Nlb 6992 connectivity tool (#1164)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-azure/module-changelog.md

  ]
}
```

> ## Connectivity test tool

Reviewer: module changelog seems like an odd place for this...

Maybe we put it in the currently empty (!?) https://frontdoor-test-docs.nginx.com/previews/docs/1164/nginxaas/azure/troubleshooting/

or https://frontdoor-test-docs.nginx.com/previews/docs/1164/nginxaas/azure/get-help/ ?

Author: As @russokj suggests, I've made `get-help` into a section and added the connectivity tool as a separate page to that.

> ## Connectivity test tool

Reviewer 2: Why is this here?  I would never think to look under Module Changelog for this.  I think a subsection under Get help would be better.

Author: You told me to follow the pattern of the DP package docs and linked me to this page. Frankly, I think this is a very strange place for the instructions for accessing package modules. I assumed that a decision had been made to put this stuff here and that was a change to be followed. Should I move everything out of here and into its own subpages in "Get help"?

Author: Added to `get-help`.

> Use the connectivity test tool to determine whether a specific IP address is accessible from your deployment's dataplane. The connectivity test tool accepts an IP address and a port number. It uses netcat to open a TCP connection with the given address, without sending any IO to the address. The tool returns netcat's output to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the connectivity test tool to determine whether a specific IP address is accessible from your deployment's dataplane. The connectivity test tool accepts an IP address and a port number. It uses [`netcat`](https://nc110.sourceforge.io/) to open a TCP connection with the given address, without sending any IO to the address. The tool returns `netcat`'s output to the user.
```

> Use the connectivity test tool to determine whether a specific IP address is accessible from your deployment's dataplane. The connectivity test tool accepts an IP address and a port number. It uses netcat to open a TCP connection with the given address, without sending any IO to the address. The tool returns netcat's output to the user.

Reviewer: Do we want some extra guidance like

> This is useful for debugging connectivity issues and determining if a problem is in NGINX configuration or Azure network configuration.

> To use the tool in the web experience, follow these steps:

Reviewer: extra words?

```suggestion
To use the tool:
```
